-: Welcome back.
In this section, we are going to look into AWS X-ray
as one of the tool for microservices distributed tracing.
So we are going to deploy our applications on EKS
and then, so for those microservices applications,
we are going to enable distributed tracing using AWS X-ray.
So with that said,
we are going to add one more AWS service
to our entire deployment
on EKS.
So moving on,
we will see on a very high level,
what is AWS X-ray.
And then how we are going to deploy it,
what is its network architecture.
And during the process,
we are also going to look into daemonsets in Kubernetes.
Why? Because we are going to deploy
X-ray related application on Kubernetes using daemonsets.
So let's see all those things now.
So what is X-ray?
So let's see how this is going to help us.
So AWS X-ray helps us analyze and debug
distributed applications between
build using microservices architecture.
With X-ray, we can understand how our application
and its underlying services are performing
to identify and troubleshoot
the root cause of performance issues and then errors.
So X-ray provides an end-to-end view of our request
as they travel through our application,
and shows a map of our application underlying components.
So that is a very good feature, right?
So if we enable the X-ray,
then we are going to get
the end-to-end view of our application,
including the components involved inside that.
So we can also use X-ray to analyze applications
in development environments
and also in production environments.
So we can even do this for a simple three-tier applications
to complex microservices applications
consisting of thousands of services.
So everywhere we can leverage this X-ray feature.
So now the benefits we are going to get is
it provides us the,
to review the requested behavior came for our application.
It also discovers us to allow us
to discover the application issues.
And it improves our application performances
because we are going to discover the issues
early in advance using the X-ray traces.
So it is ready to use with AWS,
any of the other services, okay?
So design for a variety of applications.
So now how X-ray is going to work, okay?
So this image, I took it directly from AWS.
So I have said it also as a copyright from Amazon.
So if you see here,
so whatever the X-ray traces
will be collected by the X-ray service.
So it will collect the traces and then record those traces
and then group them.
Means like traces nothing but grouping
our entire application request from starting to ending.
If it is a three-tier application,
or if it is multiple microservice,
one microservice calling other microservice.
So will collect the traces
and combine the data generated from each service
into a single unit called trace.
So it will take and then create it as a trace
and then it will show it on our X-ray service map.
In addition to that,
there will be also a analyze issues feature
so that we can go inside each trace
and then see the entire flow
and then what is happening
and then understand in detail
where the performance bottlenecks are there,
or where, what issue happened exactly.
So like that, we can do all the stuff using X-ray.
So moving on.
So from X-ray perspective,
we are going to deploy X-ray related object,
means like X-ray related agent on Kubernetes
using daemonsets.
So due to that, we need to understand what are daemonsets.
So in our next lecture,
we are going to understand about daemonsets
and also how we are going to use it in EKS cluster
from network design perspective and all those things.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.